DPG stater package script for cadl and doc (#33113)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: doc/DataPlaneCodeGeneration/AzureSDKCodeGeneration_DataPlane_Quickstart.md

  - [Create starter package](#create-starter-package)
    - [Use Cadl as Input](#use-cadl-as-input)
      - [Create Cadl project](#create-cadl-project)
      - [Create sdk starter package](#create-sdk-starter-package)
    - [Use swagger as Input](#use-swagger-as-input)
  - [Add package ship requirements](#add-package-ship-requirements)

>     - [Tests](#tests)

Reviewer: Please correct L35; the version of Visual Studio being referred to is 2022.   There is no version 2020.   Please also remove "VS" and change to "Visual Studio" for clarity.

Reviewer: Please add a space to "VisualStudio" on L34.

Author: resolved. Thanks

Reviewer: This is not ready to be resolved.   Please change "VS" to "Visual Studio" for clarity.

## Prerequisites

- Install Visual Studio 2022 (Community or higher) and make sure you have the [latest updates](https://www.visualstudio.com/).
  - Need at least .NET Framework 4.6.1 and 4.7 development tools
  - Install the **.NET Core cross-platform development** workloads in Visual Studio
- Install **.NET 6.0 SDK** for your specific platform. (or a higher version)
- Install the latest version of [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- Install [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell), version 7 or higher.
- Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) (16.x.x or above).

## Setup your repository

> - Fork and clone an [azure-sdk-for-net](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net) repo. Follow the instructions in the [.NET CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/12903) to fork and clone the `azure-sdk-for-net` repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fork and clone the [azure-sdk-for-net](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net) repository. Instructions for doing so can be found in the [.NET CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

- `clear-output-folder` indicate if you want to clear up the output folder.

#### Create sdk starter package
  
We will use dotnet project template [Azure.Template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template) to automatically create the project.

You can run `eng\scripts\automation\Invoke-CadlDataPlaneGenerateSDKPackage.ps1` to generate the starting SDK client library package directly as following:

```powershell
eng/scripts/automation/Invoke-CadlDataPlaneGenerateSDKPackage.ps1 -service <servicename> -namespace Azure.<group>.<service> -sdkPath <sdkrepoRootPath> [-commit <commitId>] [-repo <specRepo>] [-specRoot <specRepoRootPath>]
```

e.g. 
Use git url

```powershell
pwsh /home/azure-sdk-for-net/eng/scripts/automation/Invoke-CadlDataPlaneGenerateSDKPackage.ps1 -service anomalydetector -namespace Azure.AI.AnomalyDetector -sdkPath /home/azure-sdk-for-net -cadlRelativeFolder specification/cognitiveservices/AnomalyDetector -commit ac8e06a2ed0fc1c54663c98f12c8a073f8026b90 -repo Azure/azure-rest-api-specs
```
or 

> Use local cald project

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use local Cadl project
```

- `clear-output-folder` indicate if you want to clear up the output folder.

> #### Create sdk starter package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create the library project
```

Author: Hello @jsquire  A .Net sdk contains many content besides the generated source code, after we automatically generate the sdk package with necessary directories, customer/service team need to follow the following guide to manually add tests/samples/changelog and so on to meet the release requirement. So we decided to call this first initialized sdk package `starter package`.

Reviewer: "Package" is an overloaded term.    This does not create a NuGet package, which is my concern about potential confusion.    I'm not pushing for "library project" - but we need a term other than "package" here.

> We will use dotnet project template [Azure.Template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template) to automatically create the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use the Azure SDK template [Azure.Template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template) to create the initial project skeleton.
```

```
**Note**:

- `-service` takes Azure client service directory name. ie. purview. It equals to the name of the directory in the specification folder of the azure-rest-api-specs repo that contains the REST API definition file.
- For `- namespace`, please use one of the pre-approved namespace groups on the [.NET Azure SDK Guidelines Approved Namespaces list](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-namespaces-approved-list). This value will also provide the name for the shipped package, and should be of the form `Azure.<group>.<service>`.
- `-sdkPath` takes the address of the root directory of sdk repo. e.g. /home/azure-sdk-for-net
- `cadlRelativeFolder` takes the relative path of the cadl project folder in spec repo. e.g. specification/cognitiveservices/AnomalyDetector
- `-additionalSubDirectories` takes the relative paths of the additional directories needed by the cadl project, such as share library folder, separated by semicolon if there is more than one folder.

> - `-commit` takes the commit of the github hash, e.g. ac8e06a2ed0fc1c54663c98f12c8a073f8026b90

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-commit` takes the git commit hash  (e.g. ac8e06a2ed0fc1c54663c98f12c8a073f8026b90)
```

> - `-repo` takes the `<owner>/<repo>` of the spec repo. e.g. Azure/azure-rest-api-specs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-repo` takes the `<owner>/<repo>` of the REST API specification repository. (e.g. Azure/azure-rest-api-specs)
```

- `-specRoot` takes the file system path of the spec repo. e.g. /home/azure-rest-api-specs
- You need to provide one of (`-commit`, `-repo`) pair to refer to an URL path of the cadl project and `-specRoot` parameters. If you provide both, `-specRoot` will be ignored.

> When you run the `eng\scripts\automation\Invoke-CadlDataPlaneGenerateSDKPackage.ps1` script, it will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `eng\scripts\automation\Invoke-CadlDataPlaneGenerateSDKPackage.ps1`, it will:
```

- Create a project folder, install template files from `sdk/template/Azure.Template`, and create `.csproj` and `.sln` files for your new library.

>     These files are created following the guidance for the [Azure SDK Repo Structure](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repostructure.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These files are created following the guidance for the [Azure SDK Repository Structure](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repostructure.md).
```

> - `clear-output-folder` indicate if you want to clear up the output folder.

Reviewer: Please remove references to the .NET Core 3.1 SDK on L36; it reached end-of-life on December 13th and is no longer supported.

Author: resolved. Thanks

#### Export the library's public API
- Create a project folder, install template files from `sdk/template/Azure.Template`, and create `.csproj` and `.sln` files for your new library.

You will need to run the `eng\scripts\Export-API.ps1` script to update the public API listing. This will generate a file in the library's directory `<sdkPath>/sdk/<service>/<namespace>/api` similar to the example found in [sdk\template\Azure.Template\api\Azure.Template.netstandard2.0.cs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template/Azure.Template/api/Azure.Template.netstandard2.0.cs).
    These files are created following the guidance for the [Azure SDK Repo Structure](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repostructure.md).

e.g. Running the script for a project in `sdk\deviceupdate` would look like this:
- Generate the library source code files to the directory `<sdkPath>/sdk/<service>/<namespace>/src/Generated`
- Build the library project to create the starter package binary.
- Export the library's public API to the directory `<sdkPath>/sdk/<service>/<namespace>/api`

```powershell
eng\scripts\Export-API.ps1 deviceupdate

> ```

Reviewer: Please remove the reference to the Anomaly Detector swagger file on L226.  That file no longer exists and is causing a link verification failure during nightly runs.   

Please update the section to refer to the Autorest documentation, as done in #33047.

Author: updated. Thanks

You can add convienice APIs by adding a customization layer on top of the generated code.  Please see the [autorest.csharp README](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.csharp#setup) for the details of adding the customization layer.  This is the preferred method for adding convenience APIs to your generated client.

> If other modifications are needed to the generated API, you can consider making them directly to the Open API specification, which will have the benefit of making the changes to the library in all languages you generate the library in.  As a last resort, you can add modifications with swagger transforms in the `autorest.md` file.  [DeviceUpdate autorest.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/3391ae91891f2b092c362a5e0696990c0f028dbc/sdk/deviceupdate/Azure.IoT.DeviceUpdate/src/autorest.md) shows and example of how this can be accomplished. Details for various transforms can be found in [Customizing the generated code](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.csharp#customizing-the-generated-code).

Reviewer 2: Same above, it would be good to use the standalone sample file instead of refering a specific service.  If there are any design change in the future, we could just update the sample file.
